This is the weather briefing on the upcoming
winter weather, recorded around 2 PM on Monday,
Feb 10th.
Fog and Drizzle continue this afternoon
Temperatures continue to slowly drop
Drizzle or a mixture of rain / sleet / freezing
rain or drizzle late Monday night & Tuesday.
Impacts possible just about anywhere
Travel disruptions will range from none to
major
Power Outages possible if drizzle becomes
heavy rain and/or sleet
Impacts forecast:
Most areas will see at least some minor impacts
This map depicts the timing.
Area in blue will be from now through Tuesday
night.
Areas in pink will be late tonight through
late Tuesday.
Minor impacts at least are possible anywhere.
Blank areas are where morning
low temps will
be 33 degrees
or higher.
Light blue areas are where the forecast low
is 29 to 32 degrees
Dark blue is
where lows will be less than 28
Drizzle is possible anywhere Tuesday morning
Confidence is
low to moderate with this forecast.
Moderate impacts are anticipated.
Most areas see some impacts.
Some areas could see ice accumulations which
could hamper travel and/or cause occasional
power issues.
Thank
you for joining us.
For more information, please visit our webpage
at www.weather.gov/fortworth.
Questions or comments?
Please email sr-fwd.webmaster@noaa.gov